
element.class:

.breaking {
  font-family: Georgia, Times, serif;
}

p.breaking {
  line-height: 1.3em;
}
What's the difference between the .breaking and p.breaking selectors?

The .breaking selector targets all elements with a class of breaking. 
The p.breaking selector targets only <p> elements with a class of breaking (element.class). 


using multiple classes for an element is extremely common in web development. 
es. 
<h1 class="book domestic">The Way of the Deep</h1>
<h1 class="book foreign">A Night in the Sky</h1>




We need a way of organizing the contents of the HTML file:
Keep HTML code easy to read.
Group elements that belong together (using DIV). 

You can think of the div as a container, that groups elements that belong together.
For example, a <div> can be used to group together all of the elements that make up the navigation for a web page, 
or any other section of a page.

Understanding the Box Model
Learn about some of the most important techniques used to organize HTML code.
All HTML elements live within a box. 
Elements on a web page are understood by the browser as "living" inside of a container, or a box. 
This is what is meant by the box model.
Width & Height: An element's box has two dimensions: a height and a width. 
In HTML, all boxes have default dimensions. These default dimensions are automatically set to hold the raw contents of the box.

To modify the default dimensions an element's box in CSS, you can use the width and height properties 
with the following units of measurement:

Pixels - You learned about pixels when you learned about fonts. This unit lets you set the exact size of an element's box.

Ems - This unit sets the dimensions of the box relative to the size of the text within the box.

Percentages - This unit sets the dimensions of the box relative to the size of the box that it is encased in. 
For example, consider an element (a box) of class blue set to a height of 200 pixels and a width of 200 pixels. 
Inside of blue, consider another box of class red, set to a height of 37% and a width of 45%. 
The resulting dimensions of the red box would be a height of 74 pixels and a width of 90 pixels.

Developers often use ems or percentages to set box dimensions. 
Because many web pages are now accessed on mobile devices and other displays of differing sizes, 
ems and percentages allow boxes to scale depending on the size of a user's display.





The corners of an element's border box can be modified with the border-radius property.
div.container {
  border: 3px solid rgb(22, 77, 100);
  border-radius: 5px;
}
The code in the example above will set all four corners of the border to a radius of 5 pixels 
(i.e. the same curvature that a circle with radius 5 pixels would have).

You can create a border that is a perfect circle by setting the radius equal to the height of the box, or to 100%.
div.container {
  height: 60px;
  width: 60px;
  border: 3px solid rgb(22, 77, 100);
  border-radius: 100%;
}
The code in the example above creates a div that is a perfect circle.
